Alastair Budge: Hello, hello, hello, and welcome to the English Learning for Curious Minds podcast
by Leonardo English.
I'm Alastair Budge.
Today's episode is going to be very different to the normal ones, which is why it's a bit of a
bonus, extra one.
It's not replacing our normal Tuesday and Friday episodes of weird and wonderful things about the
world, it's just an additional one that I hope may be interesting, but for slightly different
reasons.
In today's episode, I want to tell you a bit about the mission of Leonardo English and of the
English Learning for Curious Minds podcast, where we have got so far, but then I also want to ask
for your help.
Yes, I know that might sound weird, but I'll explain exactly why later on in the podcast and if you
wait until the end you'll hear what's in it for you.
As per usual, you can find the transcript and key vocabulary for this podcast on the website, which
is Leonardoenglish.com.
To get the transcript and key vocabulary for this podcast you don't even need to be a member of
Leonardo English, you can access all of the materials for the podcast without being a member, so
it's all free, no membership, no registration required.
And on the subject of transcripts if you haven't seen them already, we have just launched what I'm
calling animated transcripts on the website.
I think this is a really cool new feature.
So for people listening on the website, when you press play, the audio starts of course, but also
the words appear across the screen when they're spoken.
It's a bit like subtitles, but even better as you can select a word and your browser will suggest
the definition of it.
So if you don't know a particular word, you can find the definition very easily, which I for one
think is pretty cool.
So go and check that out, that's at Leonardoenglish.com.
For the regular listeners among you, you'll know that the English Learning for Curious Minds podcast
tries to teach you weird and wonderful things about the world at the same time as helping you learn
English.
The way we do this is on one level, pretty simple.
Find cool topics to talk about, do loads of research, condense it into between a 10 and 20 minute
podcast, record it, edit it, create the transcript and key vocabulary, and then send it out into the
ether, out into the world.
We've been doing this now for just over two months and we're coming up to the 30th episode.
At least from what I can see, things are going quite well - we have listeners from all over the
world and members of Leonardo English from, I think it's around a dozen different countries now.
So it seems at least that you are enjoying the show and that we're doing something right.
But other than seeing that there are more and more people listening, I have got almost no idea of
what we might be doing well, of what you like and what you don't like.
As a language learner, myself and an English teacher and a curious mind, I know what I would find
useful from a learning point of view, and I know the kinds of topics that interest me, but that's
just me.
And rather than it being just me, I want to know what you want.
So what I want to do is to ask for help and feedback from you, but also to get to know you a little
bit.
I would love to know a bit about you, about your story learning English, about why you listen to the
podcast, what you like about it, but more importantly, what do you think we could be doing better?
I truly believe that it's only through working almost hand in hand with you, that people listening
to the show that I'll be able to create exactly what you want.
The good thing about this is that this podcast and Leonardo English, it's not some huge company,
it's not Babbel or duolingo where you might send in some feedback and it gets added to a huge pile
and never sees the light of day.
We're a small operation and people are always surprised when they email in and they get a near
immediate response directly from me.
And at the podcast, we've already done things specifically because listeners and members said they
would like them.
So the recent podcast about mistakes people make when they learn English, that was one that was
requested from someone, the podcast on soft power, that came out of a conversation with an early
member of Leonardo English.
So what I'm saying is that people are already having an impact on the future of the podcast.
And I'd love for you to have an impact too.
Of course, it's me that's asking for your help, but I also want to give you something in return.
So here's what's in it for you.
Firstly, and I think this is actually the coolest thing, is that you'll have a say in the future of
the podcast.
You'll get to see which episodes are coming up next, you'll be able to shape the future and help
create the podcast that you actually want to listen to.
You'll also get priority access to every new feature that we release.
You'll get it before everyone else and you'll be able to feedback to make sure that we are building
exactly what you want.
Also, if you send in your feedback about the podcast, your English learning story, I will personally
correct it into perfect native natural English if there are any mistakes.
So that's a bonus, sort of free English writing exercise.
And finally, there are a few special bonuses that I'm not going to reveal here, but you can take my
word for it that they will be pretty cool.
I know that sounds mysterious, but you'll just have to trust me.
So I'd love for you to have a hand in shaping the future of the podcast, and I'd also just on a
human level, love to hear from you.
So I'll put these links in the show notes, but you can just send us a message with 'feedback' in the
title or in the body of the message.
So you can do that either with good old fashioned email at hi@leonardoenglish.com H I
@leonardoenglish.com or of course on Facebook or Instagram.
I really am looking forward to hearing from you.
Okay, this might have been a bit of a strange episode.
If it's strange, at least it's short.
And don't worry, normal service will resume from the next one onwards.
If you've got this far in the podcast, then I guess that you may be interested in getting in touch
and helping.
So again, the email is, hi H I @leonardoenglish.com.
I'll personally read and respond to every piece of feedback we get, and seeing your message arrive
in my inbox will be like a little ray of light in my day.
Okay then, that's my pleading over with - you know what to do.
You've been listening to the English Learning for Curious Minds podcast by Leonardo English.
I'm Alastair Budge and I will catch you in the next episode.